Update API docs (#527)
jmorganca/ollama: docs/api.md

### Request

```shell
curl -X DELETE http://localhost:11434/api/delete -d '{
  "name": "llama2:13b"
}'
```

## Pull a Model

```shell
POST /api/pull
```

> Download a model from a model registry. Cancelled pulls are resumed from where they left off, and multiple calls will share the same download progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download a model from the ollama.ai registry. Cancelled pulls are resumed from where they left off, and multiple calls will share the same download progress.
```

}
```

## Push a Model

```shell
POST /api/pull
```

> Upload a model to a model registry. Requires your public key to be added to the registry first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a model to a model registry. Requires registering for ollama.ai and adding a public key first.
```
I suggest making this ollama.ai specific because we don't have any documentation around hosting your own model registry yet.
